README.rst, before:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Synthesizer
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

................................................................................
Windows MSVC Command Line Synthesizer
................................................................................

.. Define web links
.. _video: https://www.google.com
.. _javidx9: https://www.youtube.com/@javidx9
.. _Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/reference/command-prompt-powershell?view=vs-2022
.. _OLC Synth Github Project: https://github.com/OneLoneCoder/synth/tree/master


Introduction
================================================================================

A simple command line keyboard audio synthesizer, written in C++, and compiled 
with MSVC.

This video_ by javidx9_ inspired the project.  See the `OLC Synth Github Project`_ 
for reference.


Building and Running
================================================================================

Using `Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022`_.

Build: ``> build.bat``

Run:  ``> run.bat``

Commit message:

Remove old build / run scripts.

README.rst, after:

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
Synthesizer
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

................................................................................
Windows MSVC Command Line Synthesizer
................................................................................

.. Define web links
.. _video: https://www.google.com
.. _javidx9: https://www.youtube.com/@javidx9
.. _Developer Command Prompt for VS 2022: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/reference/command-prompt-powershell?view=vs-2022
.. _OLC Synth Github Project: https://github.com/OneLoneCoder/synth/tree/master


Introduction
================================================================================

A simple command line keyboard audio synthesizer, written in C++, and compiled 
with MSVC.

This video_ by javidx9_ inspired the project.  See the `OLC Synth Github Project`_ 
for reference.


Building and Running
================================================================================

Open Synthesizer.sln in Visual Sutdio 2022.  Make sure `x86` is selected in the drop down 
just to the left of the "Local Windows Debugger" button.
